[Multi-bucket] Storage - add multi bucket setup and usage examples (#7858)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/build-a-backend/storage/download-files/index.mdx

    validateObjectExistence?: false,  // defaults to false
    expiresIn?: 20 // validity of the URL, in seconds. defaults to 900 (15 minutes) and maxes at 3600 (1 hour)
    useAccelerateEndpoint: true; // Whether to use accelerate endpoint.

>     bucket?: "userDefinedFriendlyBucketName" // Specify a target bucket using assigned name or full bucket name and region

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    bucket?: "userDefinedFriendlyBucketName" // Specify a target bucket using assigned name provided in Amplify backend
```

Author: We should be consistent with the language we use to refer to each option because it is kind of confusing. If we call the string option "friendly name" in the options on each page we should refer to it the same way here.

Author: It will be important to distinguish somewhere that the friendly name is the one provided by the customer and the bucket name is the actual generated bucket name that displays in the S3 console.

>     // Alternatively, bucket?: { bucketName: "generated-bucket-name", region: "us-east-2" }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Alternatively provide actual bucket name from console and associated region
    // bucket?: { bucketName: "generated-bucket-name", region: "us-east-2" }
```

Option | Type | Description |
| -- | -- | ----------- |

> | bucket | String \| <br />\{ bucketName: string;<br/> region: string; \} | A string representing the target bucket's assigned name or an object specifying the bucket name and region as strings. | [Configure additional storage buckets](/[platform]/build-a-backend/storage/set-up-storage/#configure-additional-storage-buckets) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| bucket | string \| <br />\{ bucketName: string;<br/> region: string; \} | A string representing the target bucket's friendly name provided in Amplify backend or an object specifying the actual bucket name and region from the console. | [Configure additional storage buckets](/[platform]/build-a-backend/storage/set-up-storage/#configure-additional-storage-buckets) |
```

Option | Type | Description |
| -- | -- | ----------- |

> | bucket | string \| <br />\{ bucketName: string;<br/> region: string; \} | A string representing the target bucket's assigned name in Amplify Backend or an object specifying the bucket name and region from the console.. | [Configure additional storage buckets](/[platform]/build-a-backend/storage/set-up-storage/#configure-additional-storage-buckets) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| bucket | string \| <br />\{ bucketName: string;<br/> region: string; \} | A string representing the target bucket's assigned name in Amplify Backend or an object specifying the bucket name and region from the console. | [Configure additional storage buckets](/[platform]/build-a-backend/storage/set-up-storage/#configure-additional-storage-buckets) |
```

<InlineFilter filters={["react", "angular", "javascript", "vue", "nextjs", "react-native"]}>

> ### Specify a bucket

Reviewer: we can skip this separate section and add it to existing example in first code sample section under download data

Author: What's your reasoning for not wanting a separate section for these examples? I want to try to avoid making any individual example overly verbose or complicated. For someone just getting started, they're probably not going to be interested in how to specify a bucket and if we include bucket options there it might create confusion. On the other hand, someone familiar with the library will want to see the multi-bucket options distinctly and in detail.

We also have the ability to target a specific bucket by passing in the bucket option to the `downloadData` request. The bucket option can either be a string representing the target bucket's assigned name or an object specifying the bucket name and region as strings. 

See [Configure additional storage buckets](/[platform]/build-a-backend/storage/set-up-storage/#configure-additional-storage-buckets) for more information.

```javascript
import { downloadData } from 'aws-amplify/storage';

try {
  const result = downloadData({
    path: "album/2024/1.jpg",
    options: {
      bucket: "userDefinedFriendlyBucketName"
      // or { bucketName: "generated-bucket-name", region: "us-east-2" }
    }
  }).result;
} catch (error) {
  console.log(`Error: ${error}`)
}
```
</InlineFilter>
<InlineFilter filters={["react", "angular", "javascript", "vue", "nextjs", "react-native"]}>

### More download options

Option | Type | Description | Reference Links |
| -- | -- | ----------- | -- |

> | bucket | String \| <br />\{ bucketName: string;<br/> region: string; \} | A string representing the target bucket's assigned name or an object specifying the bucket name and region as strings. | [Configure additional storage buckets](/[platform]/build-a-backend/storage/set-up-storage/#configure-additional-storage-buckets) |

Reviewer: same as above

Option | Type | Description | Reference Links |
| -- | -- | ----------- | -- |

> | bucket | String \| <br />\{ bucketName: string;<br/> region: string; \} | A string representing the target bucket's assigned name in Amplify Backend or an object specifying the bucket name and region from the console.. | [Configure additional storage buckets](/[platform]/build-a-backend/storage/set-up-storage/#configure-additional-storage-buckets) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| bucket | String \| <br />\{ bucketName: string;<br/> region: string; \} | A string representing the target bucket's assigned name in Amplify Backend or an object specifying the bucket name and region from the console. | [Configure additional storage buckets](/[platform]/build-a-backend/storage/set-up-storage/#configure-additional-storage-buckets) |
```
